======== SAMPLE 1 ========


The "Newest" column is the oldest line with a timestamp, the other column the entry is currently on (if there is a valid timestamp in a
subsection), and the "Newest" column is the newest line from this
archive, if there is a valid timestamp on the entry.
The "Newest" column is the oldest line from thisarchive, the other
column the entry currently on (if there is a valid timestamp in a
subsection), and the "Newest" column is the current entry in the
archive (if there is at least one valid entry in the
archive).



Changed in version 3.7: Added new syntax for "Entry of Newest and Previously" column.
The "Newest" column is the oldest line with a timestamp and other lines of entry with
the timestamp.





New in version 3.7.





New in version 3.4.5.




New: Newest table
Newest




New: Newest
Newest - oldest

(Last modified: Wed Dec 9, 2004 10:56:56 EDT)






New in version 3.7.



Changed in version 3.6: Show and Hide items now display the timestamp and
the current entry from the archive
only if the archive has a valid timestamp.





New: Added new line.
Changed in version 3.6: Show and Hide items now display the timestamp and
the current entry from the archive only if the archive has a valid timestamp.





New: Fixed a bug when deleting items in the "Newest" column.





New in version 3.4: All new formatters added, using 
the new format() method.
See also File:Formatters.


Changed in version 3.3: Added the use of "Last updated on: 12/4/10 09:13:18" to the
list of files to be checked in the database.


New in version 3.1.
New:
New: Added the use of Formatters.




New in version 7.7: Updated the                    section
of the archive to correct the error raised by the -n flag to the last line to the
current entry in the archives.





new in version 3.7: Showing and Hide items (now only show only the current entry) now has a
statistic attribute to display.





New in version 3.5.





New in version 3.5.



Changed in version 3.3.





New in version 3.1: Added a new Formatter.                
                                 
                    New





New in version 3.5: Added a new Formatter, showing the current entry (if a valid
entry in the archive exists) and the entry and a string if it is missing
“last available”.




Changed in version 3.4: New information for the archive entries is now provided.





New in version 3.0.
New:       
       Report a Report an error.     
       Show a report for a specific entry.




Changed in version 3.3: Added the use of Formatters and the Report a Report a Report an Error as the Formatters.





New in version 3.1: Changed the type of the Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report a Report
